[CN-801] JetJobSnapshot page (#122)
hazelcast/hazelcast-platform-operator-docs: docs/modules/ROOT/pages/jet-job-snapshot.adoc

= Saving State of Data Pipelines
:description: During the processing of data pipelines, the states of the computation process are saved and utilized by the pipelines. These states are crucial for ensuring the correctness and integrity of the data processing operations. Jet's Snapshot plays a role in this context by offering a mechanism to save and restore these processing states.
:page-enterprise: true

{description}

Snapshot allows you to capture the state of a running Jet job at a particular point in time. It enables you to take a consistent snapshot of the in-flight computations and the processed data, which can later be used for various purposes such as fault tolerance, job migration, or analysis.

> When a snapshot is taken, Jet ensures that all the data in transit and the internal state of the processing nodes are recorded. This means that if the job fails or needs to be restarted, it can be restored to the exact state it was in when the snapshot was taken. This helps in achieving fault-tolerant processing and ensuring data integrity.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When a snapshot is taken, Jet ensures that all the data in transit and the internal state of the processing nodes are recorded. This means that if the job fails or needs to be restarted, it can be restored to its exact state when the snapshot was taken. This helps in achieving fault-tolerant processing and ensuring data integrity.
```

To export a Snapshot in Hazelcast Platform Operator, JetJobSnapshot custom resource can be used.

== Configuring the JetJobSnapshot Resource

It is the list of configuration options of the JetJobSnapshot resource.

[cols="20%m,80%a"]
|===
|Field|Description

|name
|Name of the exported snapshot. If empty, the CR name will be used. It cannot be modified after the object is created.

|cancelName
|Determines whether the job is canceled after exporting snapshot. Its default value is false.

|jetJobResourceName

> |The name of the JetJob CR where the Snapshot is exported at

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|The name of the JetJob CR from which the Snapshot is exported.
```

|===

== Exporting Snapshot

> To export snapshot using the JetJobSnapshot custom resource

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To export a snapshot using the JetJobSnapshot custom resource
```

Reviewer: This phrase seems unfinished

> It is the example of exporting a snapshot using the JetJobSnapshot custom resource.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Use the following example configuration to export a snapshot using the `JetJobSnapshot` custom resource.
```

.Example of JetJobSnapshot configuration 
[source,yaml,subs="attributes+"]
----
include::ROOT:example$/jetjobsnapshot-example.yaml[]
----

> <1> Sets the name the exported Snapshot.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
<1> Sets the name the exported snapshot.
```

> <2> Specifies the name of the JetJob CR object which the Snapshot is exported from.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<2> Specifies the name of the JetJob CR object from which the Snapshot is exported.
```

> <2> Specifies the name of the JetJob CR object from which the Snapshot is exported.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
<2> Specifies the name of the `JetJob` CR object from which the snapshot is exported.
```

> WARNING: The status of the JetJob, from which you want to export a Snapshot, must be equals to 'Running'.

Reviewer: Maybe `NOTE` instead of `WARNING`?

Author: 'NOTE' would be critical enough level 👍

> NOTE: The status of the JetJob, from which you want to export a Snapshot, must be equals to 'Running'.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
NOTE: You can only export a snapshot from a Jet job that has a status of `Running`.
```

> == Starting JetJob Initialized From Snapshot

Reviewer: ```suggestion
== Starting a JetJob initialized from the Snapshot
```

> == Starting a JetJob initialized from the Snapshot

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
== Starting a Jet Job Initialized from the Snapshot
```

> To starting a new JetJob initialized from a Snapshot

Reviewer: This one also seems unfinished

> It is the example of starting a new JetJob initialized from a Snapshot.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Use the following example to start a new Jet Job that is initialized from a snapshot.
```

.Example of JetJob initialization from Snapshot
[source,yaml,subs="attributes+"]
----
include::ROOT:example$/jetjob-initial-snapshot-example.yaml[]
----

> <1> Specifies the name of the JetJobSnapshot CR object which the JetJob is initialized from.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<1> Specifies the name of the JetJobSnapshot CR object from which the JetJob is initialized.
```

> <1> Specifies the name of the JetJobSnapshot CR object from which the JetJob is initialized.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
<1> Specifies the name of the `JetJobSnapshot` CR object from which the Jet job is initialized.
```
